Princess, this purple gold soup can relieve your pain
It's better to drink it
You just said it was highly toxic
Poisonous but not immediately fatal
Waiting for you to leave the palace and return to the house
The servant will slowly adjust your body for you.
His Highness does not dare to make the prince wait any longer
He really wants me to die
Brother Hao
I heard you were wounded in battle
That's some good medicine.
You try it
get out of the way
Good brother, I have liked you since I was 13
But why do you never look at me?
I don't care.
I must marry you
Emperor
King Shi Chu devoted his country's ministers and daughters at the princess's birthday banquet
You are talking nonsense.
It is clear that you and the Marquis of Jin are deliberately involved in framing this king
You women
I decree to marry
From now on, Yuan Qingling will be your Concubine of Chu and father
The son is happy
Miss Chu Family
It is absolutely impossible to marry her
It's up to you to say no to causing such a scandal
Father, you have disappointed me so much
Break his marriage
Ruin his reputation
Make him lose the attention of the emperor
Missing the crown prince
No wonder he hates the distance so much
Princess
But it still hurts
I'm fine, I don't feel any pain anymore.
The past is not indifferent
Why should I be afraid of him?
We must find a reasonable opportunity to leave this devil